# Document Warping Dataset

This dataset contains 225k+ real-world images of printed text in a variety of conditions making it suitable for training document-parsing and document-understanding models. This dataset is realeased under the non-commercial version of the Karya Public License. Please read the "License" section below for a high-level summary of what you are allowed and not allowed to do under this license. If you require commercial access to this dataset, please email givework@karya.in.

## Contents

This dataset consists of 226864 real-world images of printed text: 109725 images in the book domain and 117139 images in the newspaper domain. The images are taken under a variety of background, lighting, obstruction, and warping conditions. All images are in the JPEG format. This repository contains the following files.

1. `README.md` - This file.

2. `LICENSE.txt` - The full text of the license under which this dataset is released.

3. `COPYRIGHT.txt` - Copyright for the dataset.

4. `sample-image-list.json` - An almost-COCO formatted JSON with a sampled list of 100 images from the full dataset. This initial dataset contains image-level annotations categorizing the images into book images and newspaper images.

5. `sample-images` - Directory with the list of images referenced in `sample-image-list.json`.

6. `image-list.json` - An almost-COCO formatted JSON with the list of all the images.

7. `images` - This directory contains all the images referenced in the JSON file. Note that the github repostory does not contain all these images. Please email givework@karya.in to get a download link to the full dataset!

## Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike-FreeSoftware (BY-NC-SA-FS) 1.0

This license allows reusers to distribute, remix, adapt, build upon, and incorporate into software systems, the material in any medium or format for _noncommercial purposes only_, and only so long as attribution is given to the creator. If you remix, adapt, build upon, or incorporate into software systems, you must license the modified material, including material generated by the software system, under identical terms, and license the software system under the GNU General Public License.

BY-NC-SA-FS includes the following elements:

- BY – Credit must be given to the creator
- NC – Only noncommercial uses of the work are permitted
- SA – Adaptations must be shared under the same terms
- FS – Incorporating software must be shared under the GNU General Public License

> This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.
>
> ## You are free to:
>
> **Share** — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
>
> **Adapt** — remix, transform, and build upon the material
>
> **Incorporate** — provide the material to a software system
>
> The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
>
> ## Under the following terms:
>
> **Attribution** — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
>
> **NonCommercial** — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
>
> **ShareAlike** — If you remix, transform, build upon the material, or generate new material using software that incorporates the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
>
> **FreeSoftware** — If you incorporate the material into a software system, you must license the software under the GNU General Public License.
>
> No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
>
> ## Notices:
>
> You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.
>
> No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.
